Previosuly on Mystery Incorporated...
Where did this come from?
Cuarto llave!
The fourth key. To what and why,
I don't know.
Must have something to do with the treasure
buried under Crystal Cove.
What's with the crazy music score?
Those dots weren't there before!
That means
the planispheric disc has changed.
For the first time in our history
of mystery solvers,
we have to consider that something truly
supernatural
is happening here.
Sorry to bother you so early, kids.
But he neighbors have been calling in
constantly
with reports of unearthly moaning,
inhuman howling, blood curling screams...
In other words, same old same old.
You can count on us, Mayor Nettles.
We'll see if there's anything mysterious
going on here.
Thanks, kids.
Come on, come on, let's go!
Let's get this over with.
After we're finished here,
we need to relocate the planispheric disc.
- We'll do it.
- Good idea, Scoob.
Yeah, you and I will re-hide the disc while
you guys check out the scary howls.
You're out of luck, Shaggy. Remember?
Fred hid the disc last time.
He's the only one who knows where it is.
Oy, can we hurry? Please?
Okay, let's get started.
But, first, well, gang...
- it looks like we got another...
- Mystery on our hands!
Oh, Fred...
we're such soul mates...
We're finishing each other's sentences...
- Come on, let's...
- Split up and look for clues?
Like, I guess that means
we're all soul mates, haha.
Ugh.
Look at those creepy eyes!
And that disgusting yellow hair!
And the horrible tentacle around its neck!
Makes me wanna hork.
Oh.
It's me! Phew, that was close.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Aah!
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Scooby-Dooby-Doo!
That's right, Mayor Nettles.
The place wasn't haunted.
Daphne found the neighbor's cat
locked up in there.
Poor thing had
irritable bowel syndrome.
Huh? Ugh.
Yes. That's why it was making
all those terrible noises.
No, you're more than welcome.
It's 20 minutes past rendezvous
time and still no Fred.
I'm virtually assured
of my first tardy ever.
What if he's hurt? Let's
go back in and find him.
Like, I'm sure
Freddie's fine, Daph.
We were all over that house.
And the only scary things
we found
were an unhappy cat
and Scooby-Doo doing
an impression of my mom
using an old hat
from the attic.
Oh, Norville.
Eat all that broccoli
or no television.
It's all in the hat.
Hello, friends.
Oh, Freddie.
Thank goodness.
This place was a total bust.
Nothing scary here.
So let's get to school
before we're late.
Punctuality is an important
facet of learning.
Right, Daphne?
Um, right, Fred.
If you step on it, Fred, we can
still make it to school on time.
Careful or you'll
flood the engine.
- Huh?
- Tricky carburetor, remember?
Righty-o.
Ok, let's roll-io.
Hey, what do you two
think you're doing?
Having a little snack.
No eating in the van.
Eating leads to crumbs.
Crumbs lead to germs.
Germs lead to sick days
from work,
secretly crippling
the nation's economy.
Huh?
What happened?
Gang?
Gang!
Daphne!
"No signal anywhere."
Anybody! Hello!
Hello!
Huh?
No. No!
This is all wrong.
Crystal Cove has
much greener lawns
and fewer skeletons.
Velma! Shaggy!
Scooby-Doo, where are you?
- What are you doing?
- Making a stop.
Ugh, Fred is acting funny.
And not like ha-ha funny,
not funny at all.
Yeah, freaky funny.
I'm sure it's just a phase.
Norbert, catch.
- You drive.
- Me drive?
Norbert?
Freddie, is there
anything bothering you?
Bothering me?
Not at all, dear girlfriend.
I'm just listening
to the baseball game.
I love sports.
Does the dog need walking?
I walk myself, Fred.
Perhaps you would enjoy
a canine crumpet.
Hmm.
That is not
a Scooby snack, Fred.
Humph!
What difference does it make?
I'm sure they all
taste the same.
You eat them, then.
What was that, Scoobert?
Uh, nothing.
Nothing.
There! Ahh!
There she is!
I don't understand any of this.
What happened to Crystal Cove?
What happened to the people?
What happened to
your groovy paintjob?
Mr. Traples.
What happened here?
Please, tell me
what's going on.
Velma. Shaggy. Scooby.
They're...
They're...Oh, no.
No. It's impossible.
How could it get any worse?
Daphne's scarf.
No. It can't be.
It can't be true.
Daphne!
No!
Daphne.
Fred?
Cut it out,
Mr. Traples.
It's not funny you
imitating Daphne like that.
Freddie, is that really you?
Daphne?
Fred, where have you been?
Aah!
Oh, Freddie, don't look at me.
I'm hideous.
Daphne, is that really you?
Of course it's me, silly.
And jeepies,
you found my scarf.
I've been looking
all over for this.
I still don't understand.
I came out of that mirror
and everything had changed.
Why is everyone a skeleton
and why are you...
Do I really look
so awful, Freddie?
Uh, no.
When you didn't come back,
something went crazy
with the planispheric disk.
Velma said it created
a vortex around Crystal Cove
and sped up time here.
We searched everywhere for it.
You hid it too well.
Decades whirred by in weeks.
Everyone aged quickly
and one by one, turned to dust
until only I was left.
I didn't mean for
any of this to happen.
I...I'm just
a really good hider.
You've got to change it back.
Right up till the end,
Velma said the planispheric disk
could reverse the process.
Where did you hide it, Freddie?
We have to get that disk.
Then that's what we'll do.
Daphne, Mr. Traples,
load up.
We've got a future to change.
The F-F-Fearatorium
Food Emporium.
Shaggy and Scooby
loved this place.
It was hidden here
the whole time?
Yep. Come on.
Everybody out.
Like, this is more like it.
Ha ha ha!
The F-F-Fearatorium
Food Emporium
makes me, like, f-f-famished.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's wrong with you two?
You're like bottomless pits.
We're not here
to indulge your munchies.
We're here for that
planispheric disk.
Freddie, you're the one
who hid it here.
I don't understand why
you don't know where it is.
Oh, you don't understand?
Intellect isn't
your strong suit, huh?
What about you?
Got any smarts in there
behind those eye goggles?
Hmmph.
Freddie, we've
looked everywhere.
It's not here.
Hey, wait a minute.
You're right.
This wasn't the last place
I hid the disk.
The trip through the mirror
must have jangled my memory.
Now I remember.
Never mind, change of plans.
This isn't where
I left it after all.
The Arcane-A-Rama
Movieplex?
You hid the disk here?
Sure. I would think
you of all people
would realize why this place would be
so important to me, don't you, Daph?
Because we had our
first date here, Freddie.
I can always count on you
to remember stuff like that.
Come on.
It's got to be here somewhere.
- Keep searching.
- What's the score?
The score, Norbert, is that we're
gonna find that disk tonight.
I meant the score
to the baseball game.
That you're listening to.
On that thingymabob.
Heh. I knew that.
It's not Norbert.
It's Norville.
And nobody calls him that.
It's always Shaggy.
I suggest less nitpicking
and more searching.
Wait. What?
It's not here.
Get back in the van.
The kennel of
the horrible hounds?
Shaggy used to board
Scooby here
when he and his folks
went on vacations.
I'm pretty sure I put
the planispheric disk here.
Fred, this is all very bizarre.
You don't know the meaning
of the word, child.
I just remembered
where I actually hid the disk.
Here we are.
This time for sure.
The education board
of Crystal Cove?
Why? That's so random.
I'm surprised at you, Daphne.
Education is
very important to me.
Isn't it, Mr. Traples?
I don't know.
Look in all the desks, I guess.
I'll check out
the superintendent's office.
Gang, something is
definitely wrong here.
I mean, is it me or is Fred
acting even stranger than usual?
It's not you.
Maybe if we can
retrace our steps,
we'll see a pattern.
F-F-Fearatorium
Food Emporium.
Arcane-A-Rama Movieplex.
Kennel of the horrible hounds.
Education board
of Crystal Cove.
Fake Fred?
I knew it.
Then who is he?
And who sent the message?
My guess?
The real Fred.
Wherever he is, he's probably
in life-threatening peril.
And in the clutches
of some hideous creature.
Where is it, Fred?
Where is it?
Take it easy, Daph.
At least we now know
it's not here.
You don't understand, Fred.
We have to find that disk now.
It's almost midnight.
They'll be waking up soon.
What? Who?
The skeletons. The skeletons
walk after midnight.
Run!
Come on.
Hurry, Daph!
Aah!
Come on, baby, come on.
Start.
Freddie! Freddie,
they're coming.
Ahh!
Fred Jones, you remember
every trap you ever built.
Why can't you remember
where you hid
the most important relic
in the universe?
Trap. That's it.
Now I remember.
It's at the old
abandoned factory.
Ha ha!
Now that's more like it.
Should I just keep driving
around in circles,
Mr. Fred, sir?
No, the old abandoned
factory, hippie.
And floor it.
This isn't the way
to the factory.
I'm willing to bet
it's the way to the factory.
The real factory.
Fred, we're headed
straight for that wall.
It's solid brick.
Is it, or is it?
Aah!
Fake. As fake as everything else in the
old abandoned Crystal Cove movie studio.
And as fake as you, Daphne.
How...How did you know?
Two big ones.
The real Daphne would
never forget
that our first date
was at the Trap Expo 3000.
But the biggest mistake
was right at the start.
- What?
- You said jeepies.
Daphne says jeepers.
Velma says jinkies.
Nobody says jeepies.
I mean, that's just
plain silly.
Once I knew you were fake,
I figured Crystal Cove
must be phony, too.
It could only be
the old movie studio
made to look like
a ruined town,
complete with
animatronics skeletons.
Obviously this was all about the
location of the planispheric disk.
Convincing me that I needed
to save my friends
from a post-apocalyptic
future
was the most obvious way to get
me to tell you where I hid it.
It's exactly what
I would have done.
Fan out. Search every
inch of this place
until we find that disk.
Well, like, if you
remember hiding it here,
like, dude, where is it?
Well, the exact location
slipped my mind.
We can't let that fake Fred
get his hands on
the planispheric disk.
What do we do?
Like, we do what
the real Fred would do.
- We trap him.
- Agreed.
But it's got to be
before he gets his hands on...
The planispheric disk.
I found it!
Ok, never mind.
Now that you've got it,
what are you going
to do with it?
Fake Fred.
Ahh, well done.
You finally figured out
I'm an imposter.
So what? I'm taking
the planispheric disk,
and who's going to stop me?
You? You?
No!
Me.
I mean you. Me.
I mean me.
You me.
Aw, heck.
You get the idea.
Don't just stand there, Shaggy.
Get in there and help Fred.
Which one?
Uh, the good one.
Be careful, Fred.
Don't hurt him.
Aah!
Daphne, you look terrible.
You should get more sleep.
Aah!
Hyah!
- Whoa!
Huh?
Ahh!
I'll never give up this disk.
You'll never beat me.
I don't need to beat you.
I just need you to stay put.
Whoa!
Ahh! Ahh!
Get me out of this.
He's the fake.
They're, like, identical,
right down to the ascot.
Which one's the real Fred?
Allow me.
Freddie, how do you feel
about me?
What do you mean?
You're my love, Daphne.
- I'm crazy about you.
- And you?
Uh, gosh.
Gee, Daph,
you know, I...
well, I guess aside from traps
and solving mysteries, um...
er, my stomach's getting hurty.
Oh, Freddie.
It's you!
Mwah!
- Ooh!
Well, if you're so smart,
then who am I really?
You're one of the most heartless
criminals Mystery Inc. has ever faced.
Aren't you, dad?
Ow!
It's not a mask, you imbecile.
I had plastic surgery
to look like you.
You would have spotted
a mask too quickly.
I don't know what you think
you were doing.
You're supposed to be
my father.
But how could you try
to impersonate me
when you know absolutely
nothing about me?
If he's Brad, that makes you
Fred's sneaky criminal mom,
Judy.
Ouch! Watch it.
I had plastic surgery, too.
I know.
Brad Chiles and Judy Reeves?
Heh heh.
But, like, why?
Yeah. Why?
For the treasure.
What else?
It was the genius mind
of Professor Pericles
that thought up the whole plan.
Wasn't it, Judy?
That's right, Brad.
While we went under the knife,
Professor Pericles
had Mr. E arrange
for the Crystal Cove studio
to be changed
into an exact replica
of the town.
Except more end of
the world-ish, obviously.
I hate to be the one
to point this out,
but that's just crazy.
Is it, Velma?
Or is it so brilliant
you cannot begin to fathom
its true genius?
Professor Pericles?
You failed, Professor.
You'll never get your
filthy talons on this disk.
On the contrary, Frederick.
You are going to
hand it over to me,
along with my associates,
your dear parents,
or else I will destroy the one
thing you care about most.
Zoinks!
Freddie!
Fine. You win.
Take it.
Excellent.
Auf Wiedersehen,
you beautiful kinder.
Aah!
Freddie, I'm so sorry.
Pericles got away with the disk
because I got grabbed
by robots.
Don't worry, Daph.
The important thing is
that you're back safe and sound.
And you look good again.
Only now Pericles
has the planispheric disk.
I'm coming for you, master.
I'm coming to set you free.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org